c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\MVC5.dll.config
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\MVC5.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\MVC5.pdb
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.dll
c:\users\tndeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.pdb
C:\Users\TnDeen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\MVC5.dll.config
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\MVC5.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\MVC5.pdb
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.pdb
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Projects\MVC5\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.Migrations.Init.resources
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\MVC5.dll.config
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\MVC5.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\MVC5.pdb
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.Migrations.Init.resources
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.pdb
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\SendGrid.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\SendGrid.SmtpApi.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\SendGridMail.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.Migrations.updateUser.resources
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.Migrations.addTransaction.resources
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.Migrations.changecolumntransaction.resources
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.Migrations.updateTransac.resources
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.Migrations.updateTransac2.resources
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\obj\Debug\MVC5.Migrations.updateTransac3.resources
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Gma.QrCodeNet.Encoding.dll
D:\Projects\NADI_ENGINE\MVC5\bin\Gma.QrCodeNet.Encoding.pdb
